Close #142: Add content-format registration (#144)
ietf-wg-asdf/SDF: sdf.md

Provisional registration:
: no

Content-Format
--------------

This document adds the following Content-Format to the "CoAP Content-Formats",
within the "Constrained RESTful Environments (CoRE) Parameters"
registry, where TBD1 comes from the "IETF Review" 256-999 range.

| Content Type         | Content Coding | ID   | Reference |
| application/sdf+json | -              | TBD1 | RFC XXXX  |
{: align="left" title="SDF Content-format Registration"}

> // RFC Ed.: please replace TBDx with assigned IDs, remove the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// RFC Ed.: please replace TBD1 with the assigned ID, remove the
```

> requested ranges, and remove this note.\\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requested range, and remove this note.\\
```
